- ♪ Hey, here comes Sunny
keeping it fun ♪
♪ Never says never,
never gives up ♪
♪ It's Sunny,
yeah, she's Sunny ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Gear up and go
in the Glam Van ♪
♪ Hair styling
with her best friends ♪
♪ It's Sunny,
yeah, she's Sunny ♪
♪ Oh, it's a Sunny Day ♪
♪ She'll put a smile
on your face ♪
- Whoo-hoo!
- ♪ Sunny is shining
all the way ♪
♪ Yeah, she's Sunny,
yeah, she's Sunny ♪
♪ Having a sunny, sunny day ♪
- Hoo-hoo!
- Are we there yet?
- Not yet, Doodle.
- How about now?
- Now?
[laughing]
- [laughing]
No.
I'll let you know.
- I can't wait either.
Cindy makes
the best cupcakes.
- And muffins.
- And bagels.
[together]
Are we there yet?
[all laughing]
- We're here.
[upbeat music]
[both sniffing]
both: Aah.
- Hi, Cindy.
- Hi, everybody.
- Cindy, what happened
to your arm?
- Well, I was frosting
an upside down banana cake,
whipping some cream,
and standing on one foot and--
- Why were you
standing on one foot?
- To turn the pages
of my recipe book.
Whoa!
[all gasping]
- I got it.
Whoa.
[grunting]
Ta-da!
- Oh.
- Nice save, Doodle.
- I never let cupcakes
hit the ground.
- [laughing]
Anyway, I slipped
on a banana peel
and kind of hurt my wrist.
- Sorry to hear that.
- Oh, I hardly notice it.
Well, except
for this sling on my arm.
- But, should
you be working?
- Yeah, shouldn't
you take it easy?
- Nope.
I'm up and running.
And so is the bakery.
Everything's just
a little harder with one hand.
Like, trying
to decorate the cupcakes.
But I think
they turned out great.
This one's a smiley face.
- Right.
Yeah.
A smiley face.
- And this one is--
- Oh, yeah, I see.
It looks
just like Ralph, here.
- Meow.
- It's supposed to be a flower.
- Oh.
- Ooh.
This guy with the mustache
is really cute.
- That's the one
that's supposed to be Ralph.
- Meow.
- Oh.
- Don't worry, Cindy.
It's the taste
that counts, right?
And I'm sure
these are delicious.
- Allow me to find out.
Um, it's a bit hard.
[laughs awkwardly]
- Oh, who am I kidding?
I'm going to have
to close the bakery
until my wrist is better.
All: No.
- No need
for panicking.
What if we stay
and help you out?
- Really?
You'd do that for me?
- Sure.
We don't need to be back
at the salon for a while.
Besides, that's
what friends are for.
- Yeah.
- Believe it.
- Uh-huh.
- And seven hands
are better than one.
- Nine if you count
these bad boys.
[all laughing]
[banging]
[grunting]
[all gasping]
- [sighs]
Ta-da.
- KC, what is that?
- [groaning]
Heavy.
- Behold.
The future of baking is here.
- The future of baking?
What do you mean, Lacey?
- I kept thinking
of my poor little sister Cindy.
Wrist hurting.
All alone.
- Lacey, I'm fine, really.
I just--
- Shh.
No need to put on
a brave face for us.
- This is just
my regular face.
- I knew you'd need help
around the bakery.
So, I invented
the amazing,
the spectacular...
KC, you're supposed
to pull off the tarp.
- Oops.
Sorry.
So excited I forgot.
- Presenting
the Cupcake-a-tron 3000.
All:
Ooh. Wow.
- You made this, Lacey?
- Just threw it together.
- It's incredible.
- Wait till you
see what it does.
[beep]
[machine whirring]
[intensifying dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[train whistle blows]
[bell rings]
[all gasping]
- Ta-da.
A perfect cupcake every time.
- She's a genius.
Of course, I helped too.
- A machine?
I don't know, Lacey.
My customers really like
my home made--
[grunts]
Oh, my.
Mmmm.
That's actually good.
- Hmm.
I think it needs
the Doodle-Rox test.
- We wanna try too.
- Yeah.
You may be an expert
at making cupcakes,
but we're experts
at eating them.
[light music]
[gulps]
Whoa.
Mmmm.
Now that's a cupcake.
- Yeah, it came out
of the cupcake machine.
All: Mm-hmm.
- Mmm.
It's really tasty.
- Now, you just sit over there
and watch us work.
- Thanks, Lacey.
- I know.
It's awesome of me.
- We're still happy
to help if you need us.
- Yeah, that's okay.
We can take it from here.
Tell your friends all about
Lacey's yummy-licious cupcakes.
Buh-bye.
All: Oh.
- I hope Cindy's
gonna be okay.
- She'll be fine.
- Yeah.
What could possibly go wrong?
- [sighing]
I love Sundays.
With the salon closed,
we have time
for a nice, long walk.
- Let's go see
how Cindy's doing.
- Mmmm.
And get some breakfast.
[upbeat music]
- Step right up, folks.
Just push the red button
and make your own cupcakes.
[beep, train whistle blows]
- Perfect.
[bell dings]
[crowd chatter]
- I love you so much.
- That's amazing.
[beep]
- Oh.
[train whistle]
[giggles]
Look at me.
I'm a baker.
[crowd chatter]
- Oh, this is awesome.
- [laughs]
- Cindy.
- Hi, Sunny.
- How are you feeling?
- Uh, getting better.
- The customers seem to love
making their own cupcakes.
- [gasping]
- [sighing]
I know.
- What's wrong?
- I wish there was something
I could do.
[gasps]
Dirty dishes.
That I can handle.
- Be careful.
- Oh.
Ah--
[gasps]
Oh.
- I caught it.
I caught it.
[shattering]
I...didn't.
- KC, what did you do?
- Yikes.
- Sorry, Lacey,
it was my fault.
Here, let me--
[both grunting]
- Oops.
- Cindy, I told you.
I've got this.
You're supposed
to be relaxing.
- Cindy, Lacey's right.
Your wrist
needs to heal.
- Yeah.
Take some time off.
Have some fun.
- Meow.
- But...
I've never
taken time off before.
And neither has Ralph.
- Meow.
- [chuckling]
Okay, I'll do it.
Come on, Ralph.
We're off to see the world.
Look out, world.
Here we come.
- Goodbye.
- Bye-bye.
- Buh-bye.
- [sighing]
- Meow.
Oh, Ralph.
I don't want
to see the world.
All I really wanna do
is bake again.
[sighs]
♪ I was happy in my bakery ♪
♪ You could say
my life was sweet ♪
♪ Making cupcakes
and confections ♪
♪ For all
my friends to eat ♪
♪ But when I least expected ♪
♪ At just around 4:30 ♪
♪ Things took a turn
and soon I learned ♪
♪ I could bake no more ♪
[sighs]
[upbeat guitar music]
♪ What can you do ♪
♪ When you can't do
what you love to do? ♪
♪ How to spend the hours
of your day? ♪
♪ Oh,
what can you do ♪
♪ When you know
just what you wanna do ♪
♪ But there's something
getting in the way? ♪
♪ My friends are all doing
the things they love ♪
♪ What thrills them
right to the core ♪
♪ But me, I'm feeling so lost
without a cake to frost ♪
♪ And without the comfort
of my little store ♪
♪ I have to find a way
to spend my everyday ♪
♪ Until the time
when I can bake again ♪
♪ I know I've just
got to bake again ♪
[sighs]
Come on, Ralph.
Let's go home.
- [Ralph purrs]
[upbeat music]
- Another beautiful day.
- Meow.
- I really miss baking, Ralph.
I miss my muffins, cakes and--
- Meow.
- [giggling]
That tickles.
[gasping]
My arm.
Look, Ralph.
- Meow.
- It's all better now.
I can bake again.
Whoo-hoo.
[upbeat music]
Looks like we came back
just in time, Ralph.
I bet Lacey needs our help.
Sorry about the line.
We'll get you in
as soon as we can.
- Hey, Cindy.
No problem.
That cupcake-a-tron
is totally worth the wait.
- Oh, well, great.
[train whistle blows]
[bell dings]
- [gasping]
Oh, it's so good.
- That looks delicious.
Cupcakes.
- [giggles]
- Next.
Right this way
to make
your very own cupcake.
No baking experience required.
[train whistle blows]
[bell dings]
- I guess Lacey doesn't
need my help after all.
- Oh, hi.
- Cindy, what a surprise.
- Hi, Blaire.
Hi, Sunny.
- And look.
Your sling is gone.
- What?
Oh.
Yes.
I'm all better.
- How about a manicure
to celebrate?
- One manicure,
coming right up.
- Meow.
[upbeat music]
- [gasps] I know
the perfect nail polish to use.
♪ ♪
- Thanks for coming.
Have a sunny day.
- Thanks, Blaire.
The color reminds me
of strawberry frosting.
Just like I used
to make at the bakery.
- Did somebody say frosting?
- [giggles]
- It must be nice to take
some time off from work.
- The bakery isn't really work.
It's what I love to do.
- I know what you mean.
I feel the same way
about the salon.
It's part of who I am.
[door opens, bell jingles]
- Hi, everybody.
I'm for my appointment.
- Welcome to Sunny Salon.
[computer beeps]
Have a seat.
- Follow me.
- Next.
- Hi, Sunny.
- Here for my trim.
- Have a seat.
- Wow.
It's getting busy today.
- I have a hair-mergency.
Think you could squeeze me in?
- I've got this.
This way.
- All these customers.
What do we do?
- [laughing]
Well, let's get to work.
♪ ♪
- Sunny, Lacey doesn't need me
at the bakery
and I don't have
anywhere else to go.
Maybe I could stay here
and help out a little?
- [gasping]
Great idea.
Welcome to the team, Cindy.
- Thanks, Sunny.
♪ ♪
Hi, Doodle.
- Hi, Cindy.
Oh, watch the wet--
- Whoa.
- Meow.
- Oh, dear.
- Ugh.
[thumps]
Uh-oh.
- [sighing]
- Nice and clean.
Uh-oh.
Oh.
[grunting]
Whoa.
Oh boy.Oh boy.
[gasps]
[stammering]
Whoa.
Oh.
Um, Rox?
How do you stop this thing?
- I'd like my hair
in a bun, please.
- Sure thing.
Hamburger or hotdog?
- What?
- We'll go with this one.
♪ ♪
Uh...
- Hmm.
- Um, Sunny?
- [gasps]
Uh, Cindy?
Why don't you
let me finish up here?
- Why?
Is something wrong?
Maybe it'll look better
with a cherry on top?
- Cindy.
You just gave me a great idea
for a new hairstyle.
- I did?
- Instead of a bun,
how about cupcake swirls
with cherries on top?
Don't worry.
No actual baked goods
are involved.
- Sure.
Let's give it a try.
♪ ♪
- First, I'm going
to make the cupcakes.
And the other side.
Now, for some
of Rox's color sprays.
Then some
ribbed ribbon for the cup.
And we can't forget
the cherry on top.
And there it is.
- Great work, Sunny.
- Excellent.
- Good enough to eat.
- Cupcake swirls.
That's one for the style files.
- Oh, these cupcakes
are really special.
I love them.
- Me too.
- Thanks, Sunny.
See you later.
- Have a sunny day.
Those cupcakes are special.
Just like the cupcakes
you made at the bakery.
I really miss those.
- Really?
- Me too.
- Me three.
You bake them
with love and care.
And that's something
the cupcake-a-tron
could never do.
- You're right.
It's time
to take bake the backery.
Uh...
Take back the bakery.
[all cheering]
- All right.
- Okay, team.
Ready?
Set.
[together]
Gear up and go.
[upbeat banjo music]
♪ ♪
[engine revving]
[beep]
[train whistle blows]
- Oh, wow.
[giggles]
- Lace.
- Gosh, Lacey.
Your cupcake machine
is really popular.
- Of course it is.
But look at all
these waiting customers.
[crowd chatter]
Don't get me wrong.
The machine is awesome.
But we need way more cupcakes.
[all gasping]
Oh, no.
- Looks like
there's still a line.
- Run!
- [shouts]
- No.
I don't think that's a line.
- Whoa.
- Look out.
- [gasps]
[all yelling]
- Run.
Head for the hills.
Children and adorable dogs
first.
- Uh...
Ugh.
- Lacey.
What happened?
- I was trying to make
the machine go faster
so it'd make more cupcakes
because we had
so many customers.
- We may have overdone it.
- But then it just
went bonkers.
- Oh, my poor bakery.
- That's right.
It is your bakery, isn't it?
Well, sorry about that.
Gotta go.
- Good luck.
- Lacey, wait.
What am I gonna do?
We'll never stop
that machine.
- Never say never.
We're gonna go in there
and shut off that machine.
But first,
we need a few supplies.
[dramatic music]
- First wave, going in.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Come on, Blaire.
I've got you covered.
- Whoa.
[grunts]
Okay, second wave.
Come on in.
- Ugh.
[grunts]
- [gasps]
My beautiful bakery.
- Look out.
- Whoa.
Oh.
Whoa.
- [grunting]
[laughs]
- Ugh.
I have an idea.
Ugh...
[grunts]
I missed.
- [gasps]
Doodle.
- Whoa.
Uh-huh?
- Grab that frosting bag.
- I'm on it.
Got it.
- [yelps]
[upbeat banjo music]
- It's exactly what we need.
Ready?
Aim.
Squeeze.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
All: Yes.
- Awesome.
Both: Whoo-hoo.
- Yes.
- You did it.
[cheering]
- Hmmm.
Mmmm.
Messy-licious.
- [sighs]
- All this cleaning to do.
What a great day.
- Ready, everyone?
all: Ready.
- Cindy's Bakery
is back in business.
- Just in time
for my latest creation.
Upside down cupcakes.
Inspired by, uh...
recent events.
[laughs]
Oh, now I just hope
that machine didn't scare
my customers away forever.
[sighs]
Both: Look.
- Cindy.
We're so glad you're back.
- Nothing beats the taste
of one of your special,
home-made--
Together: Cupcakes.
- Really?
Thanks.
That's sweet.
- Speaking of sweet,
I think there's something
you ought to see.
[horn honking]
- Oh, I am glad
to see that machine go.
So long cupcake-a-majig.
- I was talking
about that.
- [gasping]
Cindy.
- Welcome back.
- I can't wait
to taste everything.
- That looks delicious.
- [giggles]
I don't know how
to thank you all
for reminding me
to do what I love.
And for not
letting me give up.
- I know how you
could thank us.
All: To Cindy.
All: Mmmm.
- [giggles]
- I think we missed one.
[all laughing]
[upbeat music]
- Hi.
It's me, Sunny.
With another look
inside the Style Files.
Wow.
What an amazing cupcake style.
For this hairstyle and more,
checkout Sunny Style Files
at nickjr.com
and the Nick Jr. app.
Keep smiling.
Keep styling.
[laughs]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪